App ID                           Category
com.erudite.ecdict               Education  
com.wedevote.WeDevoteBible       Reference
com.pl.python                    Developer Tools
org.inaturalist.inaturalist      Education
studio.2players.Wardrobe         Lifestyle
com.qiushibaike.qiushibaike      Entertainment
com.spark.account                Finance
com.fit-time.fittime             Sports
com.haiqiukeji.jihai             Sports
com.shusheng.JoJoRead            Education
com.lexun99.gps                  Navigation
com.accelerate.macaodaily        News
com.kunpengkeji.ble              Developer Tools
com.lishun.thunder               Productivity
com.mandian.mandianshenghuo      Health & Fitness
com.doapps.gpsspeedboard         Navigation
bofangqi.xxdbzd.yqsm             Utilities
com.soufun.SoufunBasic           Lifestyle
com.Addcn.HKhouse591             Lifestyle
cn.eclicks.violationquerycool    Navigation
com.chinadaily.ChinaDaily        News
com.theinitium.news              News
com.station.ieltsqj              Education
com.infzm.Infzm                  News
com.baidu.TingIPhone             Music
com.mangatoon.ios                Book
com.wallstreetcn.tinker          Finance
com.LAndL.GZBus                  Navigation
tech.caicheng.JudouRili          Book
com.jdd.motorfans                Lifestyle
com.chii.MyWeather               Weather
com.lv.iphone.qlkg               Music
net.huluxia.floor                Social Networking
cloud.speedcn.speed.Speedcn      Utilities
com.same.Wawaji                  Entertainment
cn.thepaper.paper                News
com.anqin.wifimanger             Utilities
com.bsy.hanzhan                  Lifestyle
com.jinbanwen.zcIphone           Shopping
com.epubchina.PM0033161          Magazines & Newspapers
com.airchina.CAMobile            Travel
com.li.xbiao                     Shopping
com.touchtv.gdsports             Sports
com.efssoft.ennews               Education
hk.org.ha.dmcare                 Medical
com.happy.fastdiet               Health & Fitness
com.mohiguide.ios                Business
tw.next.ptt.app                  Social Networking
com.shemen365.shemen             Sports
com.dkplain.proxy                Utilities
